part1/ViewerTask.java
 part1.ViewerTask
part1/MasterTask.java
 part1.MasterTask
part1/Controller.java
 part1.Controller
part2/a/agency/TrainSolutionsAPIAgent.java
 part2.a.agency.TrainSolutionsAPIAgent
part2/b/view/BasicAgent.java
 part2.b.view.BasicAgent
part1/Flag.java
 part1.Flag
part1/DocLoaderTask.java
 part1.DocLoaderTask
part2/a/model/TimeUtils.java
 part2.a.model.TimeUtils
part2/b/view/Flag.java
 part2.b.view.Flag
part1/jpf/FileMockImpl.java
 part1.jpf.FileMockImpl
part1/InputListener.java
 part1.InputListener
part1/TextAnalyzerTask.java
 part1.TextAnalyzerTask
part2/b/view/Viewer.java
 part2.b.view.Viewer
part2/a/APIMain.java
 part2.a.APIMain
part2/a/agency/BasicAPIAgent.java
 part2.a.agency.BasicAPIAgent
part2/a/agency/RealTimeTrainAPIAgent.java
 part2.a.agency.RealTimeTrainAPIAgent
part2/a/model/solution/Solution.java
 part2.a.model.solution.Solution
part1/WordFreqMap.java
 part1.WordFreqMap
part1/jpf/BasicTask.java
 part1.jpf.BasicTask
part2/a/model/train/TimeInfo.java
 part2.a.model.train.TimeInfo
part1/BasicTask.java
 part1.BasicTask
part2/b/view/ViewFrame.java
 part2.b.view.ViewFrame
part1/DocDiscovererTask.java
 part1.DocDiscovererTask
part1/jpf/jpfMain.java
 part1.jpf.jpfMain
part1/jpf/TextAnalyzerTask.java
 part1.jpf.TextAnalyzerTask
part1/jpf/ModelCheckingData.java
 part1.jpf.ModelCheckingData
part1/jpf/Master.java
 part1.jpf.Master
part1/DefaultInputs.java
 part1.DefaultInputs
part2/a/model/train/Stop.java
 part2.a.model.train.Stop
part1/jpf/WordFreqMap.java
 part1.jpf.WordFreqMap
part1/View.java
 part1.View
part2/b/view/View.java
 part2.b.view.View
part1/jpf/DocDiscovererTask.java
 part1.jpf.DocDiscovererTask
part1/jpf/DocLoaderTask.java
 part1.jpf.DocLoaderTask
part2/a/agency/RealTimeAPIAgent.java
 part2.a.agency.RealTimeAPIAgent
part1/ViewFrame.java
 part1.ViewFrame
part1/Main.java
 part1.Main
part2/a/model/solution/SolutionsWrapper.java
 part2.a.model.solution.SolutionsWrapper
part2/b/view/InputListener.java
 part2.b.view.InputListener
part2/a/model/train/TrainState.java
 part2.a.model.train.TrainState
part1/jpf/File.java
 part1.jpf.File
part1/jpf/DirMockImpl.java
 part1.jpf.DirMockImpl
part2/a/model/station/StationState.java
 part2.a.model.station.StationState
part2/a/model/station/TrainInStation.java
 part2.a.model.station.TrainInStation
part2/a/TrainAPI.java
 part2.a.TrainAPI
part2/a/model/station/ArrTrainInStation.java
 part2.a.model.station.ArrTrainInStation
part2/a/model/station/DepTrainInStation.java
 part2.a.model.station.DepTrainInStation
part2/a/agency/RealTimeStationAPIAgent.java
 part2.a.agency.RealTimeStationAPIAgent
